We're getting there but we noticed
something, can you say that again?
>> Push is pushing nothing.
>> Right now we're pushing nothing, so
we have to push the actual thing we
care about, so we just need to add.
>> Candidate.
>> Candidate, okay.
So now what we've got hopefully,
is a function, and
I'm just gonna copy paste this so
that we can try it out in our console.
Let's try it out.
We're gonna need getRandomElement and
shuffleArray too, so
let me grab those, and I will explain
later why I'm not just reloading the page.
Okay, so we've got our getRandomElement.
We've got our shuffleArray.
Those are the, we could say,
dependencies of this function, or
the things that this function depends on,
that it needs to run.
And then we're going to declare our,
getMultipleChoices function.
Probably the most complex
function we've written so far.
Okay, so now if I pass in,
let's say, getMultipleChoices, and
I want three choices.
And let's say we're doing JavaScript
types, and the correct answer is,
I don't know, boolean, and I'm passing
an array of some other JavaScript types.
So boolean is one of them,
what else we got?
Help me out, types in JavaScript, string.
>> Primitive.
>> Yep, other primitive types, number,
undefined, yeah, etc, object.
Okay, so if we've done this right then
hopefully we should get some choices that
include boolean and two other things and
in whatever, random order.
Let's find out.
All right, boolean, object, undefined.
Try it again, string, boolean, number,.
Let's try it again, object,
boolean, number, cool.
Now let's just double check
our understanding and
make sure that this actually is flexible.
What happens if we make it two choices?
All right, that's good.
That feels good,
we're getting two things out now.
How about four choices?
Okay, feeling confident?
Now what if we change the correct answer?
I mean, it's a little hard to
tell cuz there's booleans and
strings everywhere but, There we go,
that one doesn't have boolean in it,
so we know that it's using
the string as the correct answer.
And are we seeing any multiple elements?
No, y'all, we have a super weird, but
correctly functioning function here.
We have a functioning function
which is always a win.
So right now what we just did,
we just used a lot
of stuff that we have just learned so
far in the course.
So we've got arrays, we've got mutating
arrays, we've got while loops,
we've got conditions.
We've got operators,
we've got the logical operator NOR,
we have an if loop, we have randomness.
We have built in methods like includes,
we have a lot going on.
Now we're starting to get a sense of
really what it feels like to be working
with JavaScript.
You have so
many tools in your toolbox, and
it's our job as coders to decide which
tools are appropriate for which jobs.
So do we need a screwdriver right now or
do we need a hammer?
Do we need a chainsaw or
do we need a paintbrush?
So as we get more and
more tools in our JavaScript toolbox,
our work is gonna become less like going
to MDN and figuring out the new tool.
And more going to MDN and figuring out
is this the tool that I really want for
this job, and making choices and
making decisions?